hey guys welcome to lingo marina today
we're gonna talk about very popular
English words that are commonly
mispronounced now there are 1.8 billion
people in the world speaking English and
everyone is kind of adding something to
the language and starting to
mispronounce words and then we hear
somebody mispronounced the word and
would do the same and today I'm gonna
talk about the words that I mispronounce
so if you're interested in speaking
English as a native speaker without any
mistakes continue watching this video
the first word is gift and I would say
gift but actually the guy who invented
this thing this is kind of loped image
that has this animation he originally
said gif gif steve is using his own
invention to accept his award
[Music]
so the right way to pronounce this word
is jiff not gift salmon is the right way
to pronounce the name of the fish by the
way I love this fish especially in Sochi
especially grilled and in America the
right way to say salmon is salmon salmon
salmon oh yeah but if you're in Great
Britain you can say Salman timbering
salmon with a now but in America you
just admit L and say salmon Prerogative
this is the right way to pronounce this
word but there is a song called my
prerogative Britney Spears sings that
Bobby Brown sings it and people started
saying prerogative because of my
prerogative because of the song but
actually the right way to pronounce this
word is prerogative this is my
prerogative the next two words are
actually Italian but people keep
mispronouncing them the first word is
bruschetta but I've heard a lot of
people say bruschetta which is not right
you can say there because it's an
Italian word and people say bruschetta
and the second word is espresso and yes
you're attempted to say Express so
because of express and stuff but no it
is espresso it is an Italian word so
please say it correctly and by the way
guys if there are some words from your
language that came into English and that
people keep mispronouncing please
comment down below which word it is and
what's the right way to pronounce it my
comment would be babushka I don't know
why but a lot of English speakers say it
this way when originally the word is
babushka this means the old lady and
maybe it's just natural for English
native speakers to stress the second
part of the word but it's originally
babushka looking forward to reading your
comments down below by the way guys the
only way to pronounce words correctly is
to hear them every day so your goal is
to try to do something in English every
single day to listen to people who
pronounce words correctly in order to
learn from them and a great platform to
do that it's called Skillshare and if
partnered with them for this video
because they have a lot of amazing
classes that would help you not only
strengthen your language skills but also
learn something new skills sure
an online learning community where
millions come together to take the next
step in their creative journey with
thousands of inspiring classes for
creative and curious people on topics
including illustration design
photography video freelancing and
productivity and I really really
recommend a class by Greg McCune he's
written an amazing book essentialism and
he also has his own class on Skillshare
I know when learning a language you have
to kind of manage so many tasks during
the day and this course should help you
prioritize very important tasks like
learning English and get rid of things
that don't really affect the quality of
your life the link to try Skillshare
will be below the first 1,000 people who
use my link to sign up will get to three
months of skill share and you would be
able to take the productivity class that
I've recommended and by the way if you
get an annual subscription it's less
than ten dollars a month and you get
access to all of their amazing courses
the link will be below the next word is
pizza and here you can oppressing like
pizza with a stop with caneta with air
coming out of your mouth pizza because
some people say pizza which is not right
you kind of have to stop in the middle
of the word and say pizza the next word
that is commonly mispronounced is
Wednesday and I hear a lot of people
actually say when this day and again if
we kind of follow the rules of how to
read in English when this day might
sound logical but unfortunately in
English we don't really follow the logic
for a lot of words and we say Wednesday
another word that kind of falls out of
logic is for example you know this
radish the part of London where time
starts so it's actually written green
which you would kind of read in this way
by the right way to say it is granite
the same with an English talent called
reading which is actually spelled like
reading but you just say reading so
there are some things you just need to
learn and remember but the more you
practice the better you're gonna be at
this the next word is genre I know a lot
of people say genre which is again kind
of logical when you try to read the word
but because it's a foreign word we say
genre genre outselling every genre the
next word is police now there is a
subtle difference so watch me carefully
a lot of people say police which is not
read it's pop please Polly's gonna
blowing a candle police police often now
here's the thing you can say both often
and often but if you want to be really
academic and followed the rules T here
should be silent so it's often not often
but if you say often people are gonna
understand you and in a lot of countries
people just use often more frequently
but if I were you I would just stick to
often with a silent T the next word is
stomach a lot of people pronounce it as
stomach which is not right it's stuck
Mik stop Mik try to pronounce it with me
stomach so it's gonna start with an a
stop and then Mik with an E stomach my
stomach is full this is the right way to
pronounce this word mean we know there
are a lot of memes on the internet
people making fun of each other and yes
you're attempted to read this word as
meanie which is also funny but no it's
meme with a long e mean the next word is
niche and I say niche but really it's
better to say niche and niche is more
conservative more academic and this is
the better way to pronounce the word
that refers to a special role or place
niche instead of niche little niche the
next word is a word that I've
mispronounced for a long time it's sugar
now follow me here wash my mouth it's
not sugar the sugar yes you're tempted
to read like that because the second
letter is you but it's actually sure gar
you couldn't just make this fake smile
with your mouth and say sugar that's the
right way to pronounce this word sugar
sugar
the next word oh my god that's the most
confusing word for I think everyone
really I've heard a lot of Americans
saying cocuwa when in reality it is
Cocco hey in the end we just don't read
it Coco can I get some cocoa in my
coffee please can I get a cocoa flavored
yogurt please you know a lot of
different examples cocoa because I have
some cocoa later raspberry is another
example of a word that has a silent
letter so P in raspberry is actually
silenced so you can say raspberry you
should say raspberry raspberry there is
no P it just goes away the right way to
pronounce both is bull not bow some
people say can I have a bowl of rice or
can I have a bowl of soup it's ball of
soup bowl of rice Oh milk the next word
is also really controversial and you
know I'm used to saying status all the
time but if you want to be kind of
really really conservative the actual
pronunciation is status and again you
can continue same status but if it's the
time when you decide how to pronounce
the word status it's kind of more
academic that was it for me for today
guys don't forget to smash the like
button and subscribe to this channel if
you like learning English and if you
want to make English your lifestyle and
I'm looking forward to reading your
comments down below about the worst that
came to English from your language and
that we keep mispronouncing please
comment down below and subscribe to my
channel I'll see you very soon in the
next videos bye